I thought after Baker got ousted people
would be motivated to fight harder than
ever for social change
and it seems like they're all just
hiding behind their gadgets technology
makes escaping an addiction
[Music]
what happened to the simple pleasure of
greeting another person with words
no one's paying attention to what's
actually happening in the real world
I trust in technology not people not
anymore
people are governed by feelings anger
hurt sadness rage your friends have been
lying to you from the start every past
Leviathan is coming it was a special
moment in time we're on the precipice of
wondrous things I'm determined to have
obsidian Tech in every household within
the year
obsidian Norris who seems the fabric of
what it means to be human
I'm not a villain I don't want to kill
Supergirl I just want her to experience
the same hurt she inflicted on me soon
enough she will Cara
[Music]
[Laughter]
you